Docs: add note about dataclass items and loaders (#4642)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/loaders.rst

To use an Item Loader, you must first instantiate it. You can either
instantiate it with an :ref:`item object <topics-items>` or without one, in which

> case an instance of :class:`~scrapy.item.Item` is automatically created in the

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
case an :ref:`item object <topics-items>` is automatically created in the
```

previously extracted and collected with the :meth:`~ItemLoader.add_xpath`,
:meth:`~ItemLoader.add_css`, and :meth:`~ItemLoader.add_value` calls.

.. _topics-loaders-dataclass:

Working with dataclass items
============================

By default, :ref:`dataclass items <dataclass-items>` require all fields to be
passed when created. This could be an issue when using dataclass items with

> item loaders, since fields could be populated incrementally.

Reviewer: Is “could be” the right wording? Isn’t this always a given (unless you pass a pre-initialized item object to the item loader `__init__` method?)
